DM-1849 Document new flags introduced for LWM2M to disable default behaviors (#1543)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/protocol-integration/lwm2m-bundle/registering-lwm2m-devices.md

<td style="text-align: left">Indicates the preferred content format for {{< product-c8y-iot >}} to communicate with the device. The allowed content formats are: TLV, JSON, CBOR, TEXT, OPAQUE or SENML_JSON and SENML_CBOR. In case of an empty or invalid entry, {{< product-c8y-iot >}} automatically selects the serialization format which the device sends during device registration.</td>
<td style="text-align: left">Optional</td>
</tr>
<tr>

> <td style="text-align: left">Disable default behavior for object instances</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<td style="text-align: left">Disable the default behavior for object instances</td>
```

<td style="text-align: left">disableInternalObjectInstanceActions</td>
<td style="text-align: left">Boolean</td>

> <td style="text-align: left">Cumulocity implements default handlers for Objects 3,4 and 6. For example, they update the device name upon the reception of the corresponding resource in Object 3 or update the device location. This flag allows these behaviors to be turned off.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<td style="text-align: left">Cumulocity IoT implements default handlers for objects 3,4 and 6. For example, they update the device name upon the reception of the corresponding resource in object 3 or update the device location. This flag allows those behaviors to be turned off.</td>
```
